and its end
I'm here with my friend, gentleman and
Caesar is truly true that he makes a
we made a video and it was called like that
in that video so good guys
just tell you that as you will
seen in the title today I'm going to look
in here born I do not know if it's something I do not know
I hope it comes out but I do not think so, because with
15 thousand subscribers that you leave here is
quite hard enough so good
I have also asked permission to Peter and
giorgio and these people to upload this
Well, because I felt a little bad
with myself if they were not told plan hey
I can take the idea because the idea is
of them that they got in to see if
they left them then just asked and
I have said yes without problem
case let's go find us I do not think that
come out as I say but who knows now
we will see to see so good first
Question your real character I'm real
yes
I'm real to see what else
your character is a singer I'm not a singer
not your character
what questions is this look
we are not going to put that I have seen my time
free of woman host whore you would marry
is that this has to be looked at from a
point of view of the subscriber you who
you are a subscriber of mine that would put you
you would marry me
yes it's worth we'll give it that yes
you sleep with your character
nothing nothing of everything alive have you
a loving relationship with his character
at present
are you in love with your character
you are not not in love with me
his character is a woman
what did he do
A) Yes
ballarin asthma
nothing strange
if it is related in the world of
dead god
but I'm serious then what do I put
someone is going to leave or who stayed
scratched this
if you were good
If you are a grandmother
good guys now yes we are going to
look for us to do it would be exactly
so good now we see where I was
I am famous
do not
and if you look at the shit recipe
and I here asshole with my mother my
parents are separated
a little bit, try a lot
the lesson
álex me but if we have answered everything
like me
we will try and continue not'm not
the creator of facebook
do not
ronald mcdonald the guy who pulls no
I'm not a Christian 10 if I have the blue
in pray
I have not played or it is not a game but
I do not know my channel does not
yes
do not
in fortune watching you have fleas
yes yes yes I play call of duty if I am younger
old
or not
Mr. I saw Borghi
before they are looking for their mobile and has
stepped out
why logic question of red Georgia
you bastard if you're good bastard no
Yes Yes Yes Yes
It is worth paying attention to this question
because my name is who already
really came out of kenya if a man
is related to the name of a
city to see had is not a city yes
how true that is a mountain a
mountain a country but a city is not
but good we're going to say yes because
is what most resembles and this smells
I'm going to leave and I do not believe it
I'm really not thinking that I'm going to
to come out in here born
bone
if it hurts hurts or is here nature uncle
how do you know how you imagine web
something is something and not fill your video I go
in such killings
mika with your mobile as good guys this
it's been the end of the video I hope you
I liked the first principle
I played the crazy xxvi
I finally come back and he has
cost but finally I left
it's true that you do not touch your face
grandmother so good I invite you to
go to some actor and try you can
find me the first and such and I
you put on twitter that you will have it in the
description I hope you liked it
the video I know it's not a video like the
normal channel theme but understand
better says he was going to try to keep
the daily video yesterday you can not upload
videos for different reasons and today
finally I'm going to upload this you know
I'm in a cast, I'll say it again and
I can not record
like so to speak because I'm very
bad play so good simply
tell you that I hope you liked it
let's see how many people have
sought the subject puts it now
the page that takes to hell once I have
searched 134 times kid we go home have
searched 34 times the truth is that I do not know
I did not expect to come out really I say
I did not expect to leave so good
I hope you liked the video nothing
more simply to tell you what I
look if you want and send me by
twitter that I'll leave you favorite and
maybe a retweet if you do not forget it
a lot and nothing guys I hope you give him
I like it because I know what I know is a
original video for the coll channel
so well I hope you told me
like and see you tomorrow in the next
video that I do not know what it will be like this
good to god